LSFF: add more model limitations; add some notes to model output section (#271)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/gbd2017_models/concept_models/vivarium_conic_lsff/concept_model.rst

  fortified food is the same as their mother's. It may be better to model these
  propensities as positively correlated but not necessarily identical.

* For the iron effect on birthweight:

  - We are assuming that flour consumption is independent of birthweight as
    sampled by GBD. Thus we are not accounting for confounding by overall
    caloric intake, which is likely correlated with both flour consumption as
    well as birthweight.

  - We are also assuming that fortification is independent of flour
    consumption, given whether or not you eat flour. Thus we are not accounting
    for confounding due to factors like urban vs. rural settings, which could be
    correlated with both flour consumption and fortification.

  - Ideally, we would want to get correlations between birthweight, flour
    consumption, and fortification in our populations, so that we could create a
    joint distribution to appropriately sample all three variables at once.
    Accounting for this correlation would likely reduce the impact from
    increased birthweight.

> * GBD data for neural tube defects is too low, so we are likely underestimating
>   the impact of folic acid fortification.

Reviewer: I think we should add more detail/information here. 
```suggestion
* GBD data for neural tube defects, particularly for India, is low relative to estimates of NTD burden from other data sources. Therefore, we are likely underestimating
  the impact of folic acid fortification in our simulation that relies upon GBD data.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I made this change and added citations.

* GBD does not model folate deficiency, so we need to be careful that our
  populations are comparable to the Keats study populations when applying the
  effect size of folic acid fortification directly to the birth prevalence of
  neural tube defects. (E.g., could there be some reason besides lack of
  folate-rich food for a high rate of neural tube defects?)

* The fortification scale-up strategy is relatively simple and does not capture

>   any of the

Reviewer 2: any of the what??

Author: Oops, forgot to finish this. Added now.
